# Git Practice
https://www.wired.com/story/the-cloud-is-a-prison-can-the-local-first-software-movement-set-us-free/
## Opinion
When cloud had first come out, it was such a convenience being able to store files and have an extremely convenient way to transfer files being machines. However, that was the extent of my fascination with cloud technology, as my reliance on local storage was far more important to me. Gregory Barber's article describes cloud technology having "its performance is limited by the speed of its connection" (Barber), the main reason for my continued avoidance of increasing reliance on cloud. However, cloud technology remains one of the easiest ways to collaborate with peers on a project. Even with the CRDT technology that Barber describes in his article, it would be extremely difficult for there to be a very efficient local collaboration platform, one that would be at least on par with cloud as it would likely not have widespread adoption otherwise. The problem that Barber describes at the bottom regarding *purplemauve* would benefit from a GitHub style Staging Index, but his point makes it clear that CRDT would require far more planning for it to become a viable alternative to Cloud. For now, cloud technology is here to stay.

### Comment from Andrew Huang
This article brings up some very interesting points, but I agree that cloud technology is here to stay despite any shortcomings. I think it'll be a long time until CRDT technology can overtake cloud technology on an enterprise-level. 